Update amend add content to reference pages in SDK docs - closes #550 (#564)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/index.adoc

:url_sens_inputs: reference/lisk-commander/sensitive-inputs.adoc
:url_commander_overview: reference/lisk-commander/index.adoc
:url_user_guide: reference/lisk-commander/user-guide.adoc
:url_api_specification: reference/api.adoc
:url_changelog: reference/changelog.adoc
:url_config: reference/config.adoc
:url_framework: reference/lisk-framework/index.adoc

The references section is designed to provide the user with a comprehensive description of all the necessary specifications.
A brief overview of the applicable references are listed below, in order to assist the user in locating the relevant information required.

> Firstly the  xref:{url_api_specification}[API specification] references provide an in-depth definition of the specifications, followed by the  xref:{url_config}[Configuration] which contains a detailed example explaining the default values. This is followed by the xref:{url_changelog}[Developer changelog] which encompasses an extensive description of the updated database and api changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly the  xref:{url_api_specification}[API specification] provides an in-depth definition of the API endpoints, followed by the  xref:{url_config}[SDK Configuration reference] which contains a detailed example explaining the default values. This is followed by the xref:{url_changelog}[Developer changelog] which encompasses an extensive description of the updated database and api changes that are relevant for developers when updating their application to the latest version of the Lisk SDK.
```

:url_commander_overview: reference/lisk-commander/index.adoc
:url_user_guide: reference/lisk-commander/user-guide.adoc

The references section is designed to provide the user with a comprehensive description of all the necessary specifications.
A brief description of the contents of the references are listed below, in order to assist the user in locating the relevant reference information required.

*  xref:{url_commander_overview}[Commander]

> Lisk Commander is an effective, convenient and user-friendly tool designed for all levels of developers, and further useful information is included within the reference section to assist the user.

Reviewer: I think at this point we should not explain what Lisk Commander is, as we do this already on the SDK overview page, but rather give a quick summary of what content is to find in the Lisk Commander reference.

Author: Agreed.
